intro
assumptions
justifications
possible alts
assumption 2
justification
possible alts


Your team has been approached by the Bike Buddies – an association of independent bicycle service and repair shops in southern Scotland. To support their businesses, the Bike Buddies have decided to offer a cross-country cycling callout scheme (C4S) for assisting cyclists who get into difficulties while out in the countryside. Members of the association commit to providing vehicles and bike mechanics who can respond to callouts and aid cyclists with problems such as fixing punctures, adjusting gears, or repairing broken lights. Where a problem cannot be fixed, the mechanics will offer to take the bike and the rider to a nearby town instead. The Bike Buddies have a strong presence in rural areas across southern Scotland, so they are confident that they can meet the demand of C4S even during the busy summer months. The Bike Buddies require IT infrastructure and a suite of software to operate C4S. This consists of a mobile app for cyclists to sign up to the scheme and call for assistance, a mobile app for bike technicians to manage callouts, and a backend for both apps. The backend must assign technicians to callouts, invoice cyclists for assistance provided, and store all data that is required for operating C4S. C4S offers year-long subscriptions with two levels of service: • Basic service for a flat subscription fee of £10. In return, cyclists can get assistance 24/7 anywhere in southern Scotland. However, they will be charged the full cost of each callout, including for parts required to fix the bike and for the time the technician was working on the callout. In addition, a night-time surcharge of £20 will be added for callouts between 5pm and 7am, and a remote surcharge of £1/mile will be added if the technician has to travel more than 10 miles to the callout. • Peace-of-mind service is available for a higher subscription fee; the fee starts at £120 for the first year but may increase or decrease in future years, depending on the number of callouts in previous years. The higher fee includes the cost of labour during callouts and any night-time or remote surcharges. That is, cyclists opting for peace-of-mind service will only pay the cost of parts for individual callouts. App for cyclists The app for cyclists provides functionality to sign up to C4S, update personal details, and call for assistance. The app does not store any data; all data is stored and managed by the backend. To sign up to the scheme, cyclists provide their personal data, such as name, address, email and credit card details. They also have to provide the details of at least one bike (type of bike, wheel size, age) and select the level of service. They are then immediately sent an invoice for their annual subscription fee, which must be paid before they can call for assistance. Cyclists can update their details at any time, including registering more bikes, or upgrading their service. When upgrading their service from basic to peace-of-mind, cyclists will receive another invoice, which must be paid for the upgrade to take effect